c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClockTest3\ClockTest3\bin\Debug\ClockTest3.exe.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClockTest3\ClockTest3\obj\Debug\ClockTest3.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClockTest3\ClockTest3\obj\Debug\Application.g.vb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClockTest3\ClockTest3\obj\Debug\ClockTest3_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClockTest3\ClockTest3\obj\Debug\ClockTest3_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClockTest3\ClockTest3\bin\Debug\ClockTest3.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClockTest3\ClockTest3\bin\Debug\ClockTest3.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClockTest3\ClockTest3\bin\Debug\ClockTest3.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClockTest3\ClockTest3\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClockTest3\ClockTest3\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClockTest3\ClockTest3\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClockTest3\ClockTest3\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClockTest3\ClockTest3\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.vb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClockTest3\ClockTest3\obj\Debug\Application.baml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClockTest3\ClockTest3\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClockTest3\ClockTest3\obj\Debug\ClockTest3.g.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClockTest3\ClockTest3\obj\Debug\ClockTest3.Resources.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClockTest3\ClockTest3\obj\Debug\ClockTest3.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClockTest3\ClockTest3\obj\Debug\ClockTest3.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClockTest3\ClockTest3\obj\Debug\ClockTest3.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClockTest3\ClockTest3\obj\Debug\ClockTest3.pdb
